# RecyclingFinalDegreeProject

##Introduction
This an object recognition app for mobile devices developed using TensorFlow Lite. For its training a synthetic image generator has been programmed with the porpouse of simplify the collection of images.

##Directory organization
The three main directories are:

###ImagesGenerator_Unity
This directory contains the code and resources for an image generator application developed with Unity. The app loads different 3D models and takes several screenshots of each one. For every image model's position and rotation, among the background, change randomly.

###NeuralNetworkTraining
Here it is located the code which trains the neural network and generates a TensorFlow Lite model. The images used in the neural network training are storaged in "../Resources/Images/" where training and test images are in different folders.

###MaterialIdentifier_Android
This is an Android devices application which using the TensorFlow Lite trained model identifies objects using the mobile device's camera.
The application contained on the "main" branch is the final app. Otherwise, the one on the "AndroidTest" branch is the test app, where four different TensorFlow Lite trained models are compare at the same time.

###ProjectReport
Contains the LaTeX files were the coursework is explained.

###Resources
The real and synthetic images (generated by the Unity application) and the TensorFlow Lite trained models are storaged in this directory.
The real images are within "Images/Train/" folder. If neural network retraining is required the images in this folder can be mixed with the "GeneratedImages" screenshots.
